Make `jax` & `odes` optional (#3163)
pybamm-team/PyBaMM: docs/source/user_guide/installation/GNU-linux.rst

	   pybamm_install_odes

   The ``pybamm_install_odes`` command is installed with PyBaMM. It automatically downloads and installs the SUNDIALS library on your

>    system (under ``~/.local``), before installing ``scikits.odes`` (by running ``pip install pybamm[odes]``).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   system (under ``~/.local``), before installing ``scikits.odes``. (Alternatively, one can install SUNDIALS without this script and run ``pip install pybamm[odes]`` to install ``pybamm`` with ``scikits.odes``.)
```

   Assuming that SUNDIALS was installed as described :ref:`above<user-install-label>`.

Optional - JaxSolver
--------------------

Users can install ``jax`` and ``jaxlib`` to use the Jax solver.
Currently, only GNU/Linux and macOS are supported.

GNU/Linux and macOS
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. code:: bash

	  pybamm_install_jax

The ``pybamm_install_jax`` command is installed with PyBaMM. It automatically downloads and installs jax and jaxlib on your system.

> 

Reviewer: This should not be removed. The bash code should just change to `pip install "pybamm[jax]"`

.. code:: bash

	  pip install "pybamm[jax]"

> ``pybamm_install_jax`` is deprecated, use ``pip install pybamm[jax]`` to install jax and jaxlib
> The ``pip install "pybamm[jax]"`` command automatically downloads and installs the compatible versions of jax and jaxlib on your system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``pip install "pybamm[jax]"`` command automatically downloads and installs ``pybamm`` and the compatible versions of ``jax`` and ``jaxlib`` on your system. (``pybamm_install_jax`` is deprecated.)
```

.. code:: bash

	  pip install "pybamm[jax]"

> The ``pip install "pybamm[jax]"`` command is installed with PyBaMM. It automatically downloads and installs jax and jaxlib on your system.

Reviewer: You might have to rewrite this 🙂 

and add a note here about `pybamm_install_jax` being deprecated.
